Do you know
what has been the most searched keyword on Google this year?
It's health insurance. Health
insurance is something that everyone
wants to take, wants to take protection.
If we
talk about the figure, in the population of 135 crore,
only 44% of the people have
help thinking and by pleasing that point,
depression is such that in Yash, the Central
Government has given insurance through CGHS, some people
got insurance, it has been in the form of admin team, it has
been in the form of copper color,
some story schemes have been there or
someone has bought a policy in his details in Hindi,
so when his son got prank in March,
most of the people
thought that yes Saurabh, a celebrity
wants to buy this scheme on his parents,
my name is Gurgaon Chiku and I keep
bringing some such informative videos for you. Today I will talk
about another helpless product. If
you have not yet subscribed to our channel, then
this video channel will be helpful.
You will get such informative videos from it.  I will
meet you and
please click on it and the second thing will be
that we get motivation that you see
we used to make more wickets, so today
we will talk about this product
which was launched in a rented manner to the corporation,
so this product is available just
two days ago from ICICI Lombard company,
sir, with some changes, they are
launching a new product, in this product itself,
four well in decisions and back in a hotel, they
wanted total, that Arvind, your help is
health plus, very elite class for health,
so there are additional benefits for people, which I will
discuss with you right now,
those will be the comments, you are you pay
for friend, not what you need, you will
not want to take the features which you do not want, so keeping
this in mind, the insurance
company has launched four products in which
different parts are inbuilt in different products,
that experience you
can add any teacher as riders or you can,
so I will talk about these in detail in the beginning,
what is the press in it, first let us
talk about Rakhi, that
means security change  It has been done and
what is the
minimum and serious policy of six years, there is
no limit on this and this policy can be given to
warriors for passenger bus
as you know, whoever you want to get this
viewer's policy after 10th, you
get a trend setter some discount on
vegetables from your side, you would like to go for 2 years and
violence in this there is red
chilli, from there we do subclassification,
minimum volume maximum meeting and is
less than 250 lakh or 2016 and if you take polythene of less than 10 lakh
then there is no medical checkup, there is no
medical test, it is only on the
basis of first screening, medical
test can also be done on top of that, but a spinning
is compulsory, due to this we talk about
hospitalization, room rent in power grid sub
station, treatment, surgery, everything,
its distribution is always with you in
Adarsh ​​Nagar, we will talk about one and a half something is whatever is less
in 1024 and treatment is done,
humans kept nearby * Technology
advancement ₹93 thing  Those who sleep less than 24 hours,
Pimple Dhar is thinking that there are many surgeries in 24 hours fiction,
so there is
no list for that either, there used to be a playlist of all the
best or birthday of such place, one
thing has to be kept in mind that admission and
district must be your today bag, in all
such situations OPD procedures will be
covered only if Priyanka is an IIT professor,
after that hospitalization will be converted into
10 and post-graduation six days
in this policy, before going to the hospital, there are
many people's expenses related to that hospitalization, she
wore a dress of Rs 230 and it
lasts, I am eligible for this thing which is
on deemed assessment, why is it for that
gang, I will later
apply the bill for that, I get stuck in the fourth match, what is the
use of paint color, Ayush,
Ayurvedic, Unani will be proved, per
Sudesh's button is quality hospitalization,
well, there is a snack and benefit,
unlimited reset balance, then unlimited
reset, many companies call it free fruits,
some call it restore  Yes, and
here it is in the home delivery set,
please, but if your existing
policy has been dismissed
or Bigg Boss has been used, as you
know, you have a health insurance
contract, and you get the benefit of it.
Suppose we were sharing a life insurance policy for 4 minutes,
and we spent a full
glass of Bigg Boss or in a house, then
what will happen in it, is there a continuous hormone
available, is this my super no claim
bonus or some other additional one available, and if
we use it in a hotel,
after it is over, the insurance company will
include in the bill, start with another 10 lakhs from the morning itself,
Coldplay will read it, in this
class, the team person in which he spent 10 lakhs
or was as notorious, for this, you can get
notification for, you can
click on unrelated
number of 103 tests, Ujjain, Ujjain,
subscribe to the policy which has been there for 3
months, then it is a domestic protein
lens, if water which happens in this button,
any accident happens, hospitalization is
required, from there you have to
transport to the hospital, well  Also the
solution to your problems is percent or maximum, you
can do two quotas in Ujjain emergency, there is someone in it that you
can call the ambulance assistant and tele
okay but if there is an emergency somewhere
you can do it on the telecast station on its toll free number if you are a policy holder
height how moment computer system time
and teacher Harris or Mitchell knew all the
companies also say no claim bonus
if you have not taken any other explanation
then there was interest that they incentivize you, they
give you a no claim bonus so
here we use the body of the Defense Minister
but so this thing is earlier given semi was still
senior ten percent everywhere every place
near and maximum intensification and if it comes then
it will happen in the same publication -
for example minute I took an LIC policy
and I did not take any penalty in my policy
actor Neeraj Mishra 20% will be decreased so
this bonus so do
not give finger in it so why not oil if we talk about Pragya Temple
Run then I did not take a ₹1 and collective
because  So boss and it has
increased so like the page the liner
zooming is a little blurry if a little Aslam this will give
you 10 percent -
today fuel has been cured in Sonagir, there is 50%
free health checkup in my policy
for this they get funds twice a year in the end there are
dedicated centers
where it can ask the city, he can get the main
checkup done in the same final, there is a strong
complimentary balance benefit in the
balance program, if we
become a part of it then sports we do not have balance room, that
too taking care of your health, we are asking some
irresponsible behavior is surprising, to
submit the application and that many
points get activated for you, which
you can use for OPD benefit and other benefits,
so I have got some experience of talking about this, there is fear of
pre-existing activation,
description of pregnancy, withdrawal, if there is any advance
which is already there before taking the policy, then for
2 years that which was
in the last session  There will be no constipation in the policy for a year,
it will remain this cute, which is the ID
guidelines on specific swelling that was
stayed for that, it was 24th March that there will be
no hospitalization constipation of the things made, finally uprising is going to
look at it, this question comes on coffee
that I took the policy, it has been 2 years but it still happens
which I never had before Prabhjeet, I had opined that
creates Singh, it
means that this OTP is expected and
informed to this forum, at the same time I
could not do this, I also have a problem and
I had taken out the insurance but till now I have
not informed these medical term insurance companies, I will tell you that after 2 years the
insurance will go there only, it is important to tell you that from the developed material, I will
tell the life insurance company, they will mix your generation, they were
presented that you will select it,
but after two years it is optional,
I talk about some benefits in it,
which we can take from a perspective, versus
Pune special, then if I make minimum series and
maximum tenderness per free that I  If I get
hospitalized,
what additional benefit do I get? And there
is another benefit and it is not saying that
after going to my home in the Himalayas, I will get ID and at home, then
I can definitely take that. But the
monsoon trap insurance policy says
that if someone gets hospitalized and
needs an ID and is
not nearby, then the immediate
travel expenses of the family members will be covered.
Sourav tells in front that there is a
limit for this. It will depend on which plan you use
- medium is that
spots and different chapters, not different terrains.
Any of these can be decided. Other
benefits can be available
on the insurance policy details. There are
international riders on the contact form which I can turn off
in the policy and sometimes I will have to remember the
depending benefit. So this mark benefits is a
nomadic life insurance. We will talk about the
four intimate scenes that we talked about,
help serial expenses, first limit and
Who should take which policy for the helpless,
we will discuss this, so
this is the base plate, we want a policy for children, we do
n't want to stop politics from making a tent, for them
helpline and different things are already
invested in it and we need them and can add them,
I will tell you in detail,
I am not forgetting you, if we talk about this, it will
always be fine, infection
treatment, your Facebook account, there is a
wait for hospitalization post office collection
and if we talk about day care procedures,
after seeing the benefits, the waiting period for paper property is
of two years, which was also talked about,
India declared and accepted and
international AYUSH hospitalization, there is a
comment, special for donor, that is also news,
regarding your problems, we take polish of 16250 class,
cutting of tempered glass
is done on that, this fact of donor will be
unlimited trillions of benefits, after
that tweet, gallery hospitalization,
if we cannot go to the hospital, then
treatment has to be done at home, so that is news, so
your exam balance cover is also colour, we have  We
talked about emergency ambulance, such a
protector jurisdiction is always our class,
where has it hit less than August 30, the cream is input cleared and I should not be
decreased, so such a
protector was also in our policy, there is an
additional commissioner to,
we talked about gas to tractor,
emergency services, also included
domestic product balance, how was the
aircraft pass made on MS Word, what is the
maximum meeting attend phase,
emergency rota ambulance
is the ambulance systems, friends, taking comment telecast, in
case of emergency response to recruit
warriors, that we saw them
after the village, but we have also set up
online chat with doctors available, key
settings open, also available, if you are undergoing any
treatment, you can take it from here,
mission is
naukri, you can take online questions, dietician, nutrition,
consultations, kidney policy,
health systems and balance program are also
important, they are optional, now let's talk about it,
this is just an example, till now our  There are
benefits in the policy, if you
want to add some reminders on it, then which are the sides, it is
on mine and in the morning of hairs, screen
protector addition is optional, don we
can quarter the extra team, this
pin will vary, there is a
shock
quick option on this group, submit it is optional, it was
talked about in world wide news, this is optional, you can
give a small at the time of felt tip and
super no claim bonus, this is optional, hospital
telecast benefit, if we have a policy of 5 lakhs, then it is
fit for 150 days, if we have a
tempered glass policy, then it is available till 2017,
features more than 32 and different policies in such
cases, at home, post hospital
doctors and nurses, if someone jokingly talks about acid, then
subscribe to a policy of ₹10 lakh, now if the school
child does not know then there is a
subscribe button in it and
personal excellent now you can always sit in it, so you
can add it from the side, see this,
subscribe to 1060, if you subscribe
now skin  2233 we will talk and
1000 e
here in this there is appearance payment option
also I will give you a little discount in this so
subscribe to this channel soon I will not do it soon
that you invest in it,
let's talk about it, those who take payment here,
subscribe to aloe vera in it,
like, comment, then subscribe to
queens form 20 lakh news, if we
talk about today's era of the channel then you have a
share on the smallest box,
news of traffic lights, a little different from 230 and
not help, first of all what is the
option of input helmet and uncle in it, let's see,
basically you will get this benefit and it
needs maternity benefit, the
plan is suitable for those who look after maternity, you will do it for under-21
newborn baby and will
take it with three arrested, if
you want then there is a limit in it, your delivery
limit is 1500 normal, you
cannot subscribe for the next flight
and 2008
* means total no of this  Talking about benefits,
if you take a policy above Amazon, then the
total maternity benefit you can take is
only 7 Plus. Talking about the next messenger, it is
holiday plus plus, so you have cases including
prenatal, post natal and 125, so now you have to
decide whether you want an additional maternity cover of Rs 6000. Do you want to be
next PM? What is the additional
premium of Rs. If we talk about
this tempered glass, we
are talking about * if you want to put it then subscribe to its 2005
3834, then
subscribe to 30, you can subscribe to the channel,
Thakur is tinted, just this deep most
comprehensive cover, health, research, scholars
in everything,
except friends from all the optionals, except the selection on agriculture connection, all the other
inspectors are invested in it,
whatever budget setting we have got to talk about,
in this you
can decide which one you
want first and which one you don't want, accordingly
use came out, only then there is such a wide variety of coverage  If you
improve, then plan for everyone, its premium
which is of elite class, plus its treatment will be
seen in 1965 1000 subscribers, if you
want to ask this festival then the comment
section is
here for you, friend, and if you want to
hide anything, please like, share and subscribe
[Music]
Loot